*** INSTALLATION INSTRUCTIONS ***

1. Copy the TAS folder from the download to your JMRI profile's jython folder
   (e.g. {your JMRI profile directory}/jython/TAS).
   In JMRI, open Help > Locations to find your profile directory, then open
   the jython folder inside it.
   Important: Do not copy these files into the JMRI program folder
   (e.g. C:\Program Files (x86)\JMRI\jython).
   The program folder is for JMRI's built-in example scripts and is normally
   unwritable.

2. In JMRI, go to "Scripting > Run Script..." and run TimetableAutomation.py
   from the TAS folder where you installed the Timetable Automation System.
   This will start the main menu. If this is a new install, TAS offers to
   install itself; if you are updating from a version before 1.5, TAS offers
   to move your older files into the TAS folder. Your timetables, working
   scripts and settings are kept.

3. When it first runs, the Timetable Automation System will check the JMRI
   scripts directory (the 'scripts:' location).
   If it is still set to the default program:jython location (or is not
   writable), the Timetable Automation System will show a dialogue.
   Click OK to change the scripts directory to the TAS folder you are
   running from, then restart JMRI.
   If you click Cancel, the Timetable Automation System may malfunction
   (modules may not import and scripts may not save).

4. If TAS is not in your JMRI Start Up list, it shows a reminder explaining
   how to add it (Preferences > Start Up > Add > Run script, then select
   TimetableAutomation.py from your TAS folder), so that it starts
   automatically with JMRI.

5. Create a timetable. For more information, click "Help" in the main menu
   and select "Timetable". There is an example timetable included. Create
   your timetable in the same folder as this example.

6. In the main menu, click "Setup". Allow the wizard to run (or click
   "Setup wizard..."). Follow all instructions.

NOTE: The Timetable Automation System is installed per JMRI profile.
